♪Allergic to fast-food love,
even if it's too naive♪
♪Just like a hug needs
the right body heat♪
♪Your "same here" carries
a touch of resolve♪
♪Pack my bags, we can set off right now♪
♪The future is a wondrous,
unknown adventure♪
♪The journey itself is what
truly matters before the destination♪
♪Those moments together
are what bind us strongest♪
♪Connect♪
♪Let's go!♪
♪Leave worries behind
in yesterday's sentimentality♪
♪Today, no dwelling
on negative emotions♪
♪Tomorrow holds more luck♪
♪Together we'll create moving melodies♪
♪The future begins to take shape♪
=Love in A Secret=
(I Just Want to Drown With You)
=Episode 12=
Lu is back.
I was planning to visit you,
but your dad stopped me.
So I stayed home.
He said I just found out I'm pregnant,
and I need to be cautious.
Hospitals aren't
the safest place right now.
Mom, you're pregnant?
We hadn't gotten around to telling you.
With Lu in the hospital,
and at my age,
I have to be extra careful.
Come on, I'll help your sister upstairs.
Mom, I'm heading up too.
So
there's really nothing we can change?
Things have already unfolded like this.
Maybe I should just come clean to them.
You once said
not everything is simply black or white.
Sometimes the gray area
holds the answer.
Let's take it step by step.
Come in.
What brings you here?
Shouldn't you be resting at home?
I came to check on my debtor,
see if he's actually working.
Ms. Lu,
what do you think of this?
(Lu Group. Part 01 Industry Background
and Key Challenges)
(Industry Trends)
I think this still falls far short.
I heard from my dad
that the USB security token taken
by the kidnappers can't be recovered.
It's okay.
But that one million
was supposed to be your startup capital.
One million means nothing
compared to you.
Then what about your dad's situation?
It was a deficit to begin with.
We'll earn it back and cover it later.
Take a look at this project.
(Key Challenges)
As long as the roadshow wraps up next month
and the project gets approved,
three venture capital firms
will immediately come on board.
With Lu Group joining as well,
I'll secure 25 percent
equity plus commission.
Within six months,
revenue can reach 300 million.
By then,
we'll be able to pay everything back.
That would be wonderful.
Dear Mr. Ye.
I'm still working.
Go home and wait for me, okay?
Go on.
Sorry about that.
(This secretary...)
(Why does she look so much like Mom?)
(Like Huang Qingbai.)
(Could it be...)
(She's starting again?)
Thank you, Miss Lu.
You
know who I am?
In Mr. Lu's office,
there's a photo of you together.
You're new here?
Yes, Miss Lu.
Miss Lu.
I need to deliver documents to Mr. Ye.
Oh.
Go ahead.
Lu.
Next time, knock before you come in.
Dad.
I just ran into your new secretary.
Oh, did you?
What about the previous one?
What is it?
Why the sudden interest
in my work today?
What, then?
Thinking about coming here to intern?
Nothing like that.
I was just asking.
She just looked familiar to me,
like Huang Qingbai,
and a bit like Mom too.
Oh, that's enough.
Why are you worrying about that?
Oh, right.
Since you're here today,
have lunch with me.
Come on.
No, thanks.
See you at home later.
Hey, you...
Come here.
Remember this.
Stay out of sight of my daughter
and my wife from now on.
Understood, Mr. Lu.
You wanted to see me?
You like Ye Man?
So?
You're not the only one allowed to.
Do you know who I am?
Not interested.
I'm Ye Man's girlfriend
in the United States.
We've been together for three years.
If I'm not mistaken,
you're his stepsister.
If you keep this up,
you'll only end up hurting him.
That has nothing to do with you.
You're just his ex.
If I were only his ex,
why would he keep me
by his side to help him?
And why would he hide from me
that the two of you are together?
Miss Lu, for Ye Man,
and for your father as well,
I advise you
to put an end to this farce.
Ms. Lu, are you alright?
Should I call an ambulance?
No.
Go back to work.
Then I'll get going.
(If I were only his ex,)
(why would he keep me
by his side to help him?)
(Do you even know who I am?)
(I'm Ye Man's girlfriend
in the United States.)
It's beautiful.
Sis.
Sis, what's wrong?
Sis!
Sun.
Mom passed away from this illness too.
I couldn't escape it either.
But I hope
you can live on, healthy and happy.
♪Bit by bit, I'll forget you♪
♪Bit by bit, I'll erase the memories♪
♪From now on,
your image won't linger in my mind♪
♪Nor will those fragments of the past♪
♪Days will slowly drift away
like passing clouds♪
♪I'll learn to stop longing
for what's gone♪
♪The you in my memories♪
♪Will fade from clarity♪
♪How much longer must I wait to♪
♪Forget you completely♪